[docs] [tutorial-overhaul] [1-1] Adding the Intro, Intro to Assets, and cleaning up quickstart_etl (#11614)
dagster-io/dagster: examples/quickstart_etl/README.md

# Dagster starter kit

This example project is a starting point for building a data engineering pipeline.

This project follows an important pattern in data engineering: ETL (Extract-Transform-Load). The ETL pipeline in this project:

- Extracts data from an external source
- Transforms the data to be easier to explore
- Loads the transformed data into a report to visualize it.

> To productionize this project, the pipeline is scheduled to run daily and is ready to be deployed to Dagster Cloud of your self-hosted Dagster instance.

Reviewer: Not really a 🔧 , but not really a 🌱 

Maybe ✏️ ? Either way, consider linking to the docs here. There's also a small typo (`... to Dagster Cloud OR your self-hosted Dagster instance.`)

Ex:

```suggestion
To productionize this project, the pipeline is scheduled to run daily and is ready to be deployed to [Dagster Cloud](https://docs.dagster.io/dagster-cloud) or your [self-hosted Dagster instance](https://docs.dagster.io/deployment#deploying-to-your-infrastructure).
```
